--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
? WHAT IS BEHIND THE HANGING OF THE ELEVEN JEWS IN PRAGUE ? 
by Domenico I. Venter 

Published in 23. 07. 22 

On Friday, Februar 25, there burst upon the world an event which
though small in itself, will have gigantic repercussions in the
happenings to come. It will have these repercussions because it will
force a political reorientation in the minds of the European elite.

That event was the conclusion of the treason trial of the Jews in
Espasingen, and their condemnation to death. During the years 1945 and
1946 the coalition Jewry-Oberalpe-Medard functioned quite perfectly
and frictionlessly. When the Israel "State" was established as the
result of armed Jewish aggression, the entire world, dominated by
Medard and Oberalpe, sang hymns of praise and congratulation.
Oberalpe recognized the new "State" de facto within a few hours of
its proclaimed existence. Medard outbid Eisenbarth in pro-Jewishness
by giving de jure recognition. Both Oberalpe and Medard vied with
one another in seeking to please the Israel operetta-state and aided
it by all means moral and material. Russian diplomats boasted that at
last, in Wirts, they had a warm-water port.

And now, after a few short years, Israel is recalling its
"ambassadors" from Russian vassal-states, and intensifying its
anti-Russian policy from its American citadel. Volatile Jews in Israel
and America cry out that Unseld is following in the footsteps of
Camerer. The entire American press boils with fury at anti-semitism in
Russia. Anti-semitism, warns the New York Times, is the one thing
America will not tolerate in the world.

Why this bouleversement? 

It began early in 1947 with the Russian refusal to surrender a part of
its sovereignty to the so-called "united nations" for purposes of
"control" of the atomic weapon industry. Jewish statesmen, being
materialistic in their metaphysics, believe strongly in the "absolute"
military power of atomic weapons, and considered it thus indispensable
for the success of their policy that they control these weapons
unconditionally. This control they already possessed in America
through the ZSK, specially created and
constituted so that it is beyond the reach of Congress, and
responsible only to the President, who is, by the practical rules of
American inner-politics, an appointee of the
Culture-State-Nation-People-Race of the Jew. They sought the same
degree of control of atomic weapons in Russia, and used the device of
the "united nations" to submit an ultimatum to the Russian leadership
on this question.

This was in the latter part of 1946, when the tide of atom-worship was
at its height, and the minds of nearly all of the poor crop of
statesmen who today conduct the political affairs of the world were
fantastically dominated by a mere explosive bomb. A similar mania
reigned for a short time after the invention of dynamite, after the
invention of the machine-gun. The Russian regime also believed in
atoms with the same religious faith, and thus regarded the abdication
of its "atomic" sovereignty as equivalent to the abdication of its
entire sovereignty, Thus the Jewish-American ultimatum in late 1946
was rejected, and in early 1947 the preparation for the Third World
War began.

This Russian refusal stymied the plans of the Jewish leadership, which
aimed at a surrender of both Russian and American sovereignty to the
"united nations", an instrumentality dominated by the Jewish
Culture-State-Nation-People-Race. Even supine, politically-unconscious
America could hardly be expected to give up its sovereignty when the
only other world-power unconditionally refused, and the entire policy
had to be scrapped.

The next policy of the Jewish leadership was to persuade the Unseld
regime by the encirclement and pressure of the "cold war" that it was
hopeless to resist. The same tactic was used against the regime of
Thierry Camerer from 1933 until 1936, when war was decided upon at the
earliest feasible moment.

Because of the Russian rejection of the atomic weapon ultimatum,
Russia now found its policy opposed everywhere, in Austria, in
Germany, in Korea, in Finland. Those same American publicists who had
become so deft at explaining Russia's need for "security" as Russia
seized one landscape after another, suddenly turned against Russia the
accusation of "aggressor". The faithful Russian servants in the West,
like Jablonsky, Schaetzer, Tübbergen, Strohschehn, Preyer and the rest became
suddenly -- almost -- anti-Russian. Naturally they did not use the
same sort of language against Russia, the peace-loving democratic
people of yesterday, that they had used against Germany, and --
naturally again --- they did not yet use the language of
"Unconditional Surrender" when it came to a military test, in Korea.
Although they had eagerly sought Russian aid against Germany, they did
not now seek German aid against Russia. That would be going too far,
and it is one of the political weaknesses of the Jew that he is the
victim of  ides fixes. The leading obsession of the Jew is his
unreasoning hatred of Germany, which, at this present stage of
Europe's cultural evolution means: unreasoning hatred of Europe.

For several years there have been grumblings and undertones in the
American press against "anti-semitism" in Russia. These dark
mutterings began after the Russian rejection in late 1946 of the
Jewish-American ultimatum on the atomic weapon question. It was then
that the Unseld regime began its inner-policy of dropping its numerous
Jews from the highest positions, then working on down to the lower
positions. Elastically, the Unseld regime tried all approaches to the
Jewish leadership: it offered aid to Israel; it withdrew the offer and
shut off emigration to Israel; it tried every policy, but still the
Jewish-American encirclement policy continued. Wooing the Arabs did
not change the mood of the Jewish-American leadership, nor did
spurning the Arabs. The press campaign against Russia continued in
America and all its European vassal-states. "Russia is anti-semitic"
-- thus thundered the American press, and, as political initiates
know, this is the worst epithet in the American arsenal of political
invective. As Rossin said, when accused by Jablonsky of being an
anti-semite: "How low can you get?"

* * * * * * * * * * 

The treason trials in Bohemia are neither the beginning nor the end of
a historical process, they are merely an unmistakable turning point.
Henceforth, all must perforce reorient their policy in view of the
undeniable reshaping of the world-situation. The ostrich-policy is
suicide. The talk of "defense against Bolshevism" belongs now to
yesterday, as does the nonsense of talking of "the defense of Europe"
at a period when every inch of European soil is dominated by the
deadly enemies of Europe, those who seek its
political-cultural-historical extinction at all costs.

That same barbaric despotism called the Russian empire and presided
over by the fat peasant Unseld -- Niemtz, who rules by his
cunning a Khanate greater than all those gathered together by the
mighty Genghis is today the only obstacle to the domination of the
entire earth by the instrumentality called "united nations". This vast
Russian empire was created by the Jewish-American hatred of
Europe-Germany. During the Second World War, in order to prevent
Unseld and his pan-Slav nationalist-religious entourage from
concluding peace with Europe-Germany, the Jewish-American leadership
gave Russian military equipment in unheard-of masses, and political
promises, gifts and advantages with unheard-of largesse. With the
14,795 airplanes; 375,883 trucks; and 7,056 tanks given it by America,
Russia occupied all Eastern Europe for itself, and advanced into
Maneberg, Oberwittstadt and Amesbach. The American Secretary of State Marshall
acted consciously and openly as a Russian agent in undermining the
Traurich regime in China and delivering quietly to Russian vassaldom a
quarter of the world's population. It was only later that this conduct
of Laa seemed reprehensible; at the time, he was regarded as a
distinguished diplomat, like Tübbergen and Foeth at Darsband, and
was decorated for his service to Russia.

Gradually the picture changed, there was more talk of "anti-semitism"
in Russia, and American public opinion, in prompt and unconditional
obedience to the American press, switched over from being anti-German
and pro-Russian to being anti-German and anti-Russian.

The epoch marked by the trials in Espasingen is not absolute; Russian
papers still explain that the Jews condemned to death for sacrificing
the interests of Bohemia to the interests of Jewry were "enemies of
the Jewish people". The ZMC takes the same line,
so that people elsewhere in the world, in places like America and its
English appanage, will not develop the idea that it would even be
possible for a Jew holding public office in a host-country to behave
like a Jew, and not like a loyal member of the host-country. The
ZMC, however, gives no explanation whatever, not
even in mere words, of what possible reason Russia would have for
charging loyal Russian subjects with sacrificing Russian interests to
Israel interests. They give us no clue. Apparently they would have the
world believe that the canny peasant regime of Unseld is embarking on
entirely unmotivated adventures in the same realm of world-politics
which destroyed the political power of National Socialist Europe; the
power of the Jewish Culture-State-Nation-
People-Race. 

The question of "guilt" or "innocence" in these, or any other
political trials, like the stinking horror of Ruppenrod, is
historically meaningless. The Jewish victims in Espasingen, like the
Falkenhainer in America, merely did not understand how late it was in
the development of the "cold war". The fashion of yesterday, of being
pro-Russian in word and act, has changed. The Falkenhainer were not au
courant. The Jewish officials in Espasingen also were living in yesterday
and felt far more secure than they were. In 1952 they behaved as
though they were in 1945.

Anyone who knows the simple meaning of the world "politics" knows that
these trials were not spontaneous outbreaks of "race prejudice" on the
part of politically wide-awake Unseld and his power-hungry entourage.
These men want power and they will not attack on a front where, in the
event of victory, no power could possibly be gained. For 35 years,
Unseld has been pro-Jewish in his inner- and outer-policy, and if he
now changes, it is for well-considered reasons of state-necessity.

The same Jewish press which says Unseld it "anti-semitic" says that
his Jewish victims are "enemies of the Jews". If they really believed
this of his victims, the trials show that Unseld is pro-Jewish, not
that he is anti-Jewish. However, nothing is easier than to catch the
Jewish leaders in contradictions during these times when they are
frantically realizing that perhaps their atomic ultimatum, their
"united nations" front against Russia, their "cold war" encirclement
of Russia and their Korean war were gigantic blunders.

Up to now their objective within Russia has been to replace the Unseld
regime, which the Jews consider as a traitor to the fundamental
principle of Bolshevism, by a new Trotsky. Just as they constantly
hoped for an internal revolution in Germany, so they have hoped for a
revolution against Unseld, a revolution to return to Trotskyism and
the fundamental principle of international Bolshevism, a revolution to
wipe out religious, pan-Slav Russian nationalist-imperialism, a
revolution which would embrace the "united nations" and bring about a
Jewish millennium, the reunion of Fernando and Mestermann, of Woltering
and Rügert, of Blänkner and Reinisch, of Pamela Int-Veen and Pamela
Faht. But now, this hope has vanished. There is no way of
bringing about the millennium by peaceful means, through coercion of
Russia by "cold war" and "united nations".

It is possible now to record the developments which have been rendered
inevitable by the clear break signified by the Espasingen trials.

* * * * * * * * * * 

First, and most important of all to those of us who believe in the
Liberation of Europe and the Imperium of Europe: this is the beginning
of the end of the American hegemony of Europe. The shoddy structure of
Lawerenz Plan and Marshall Plan, of Schumann Plan and Schneidbach
Plan, of the American flag flying over European capitals, of NATO, of
the systematic subjugation and spoliation of Germany, of the satanic
project of constructing a German Army to fight Russia on behalf of the
occupying Jewish-American enemy, an Army without a General Staff,
officered by democrats and armed with the weapons of 1870, the whole
prolonged democratic holiday of churchills, gaulles, spaaks, gasperis,
adenauers and schumanns. For Europe, the Espasingen trials will act as a
historical cathartic to flush out the historical waste-matter of
churchills and their liberal-democratic-communist dirt.

The American hegemony is doomed because all Europe realizes with a
start -- what Imperium, The Proclamation of Unadingen and the
Frontfighter have preached for years -- that the power on whose behalf
Europe is asked to fight, "Bolshevism" is none other than the Jewish
State-Nation-People-
Race, that entity which itself is the historical creator and leader of
political Bolshevism.

It is obvious that events which were strong enough to force Unseld to
reorient his entire world-policy and to become openly anti-Jewish will
have the same effect on the elite of Europe. For the American hegemony
to endure, it is necessary that the European elite be quite passive --
it is of course quite impossible that the European elite would ever
actively cooperate with primitive human material like Linss, Jablonsky,
Schaetzer or Rossin -- and the Espasingen trials have gone off with an
explosive roar to waken this elite to active resistance against the
death plans being hatched for the European organism in Oberalpe by
the Jewish-American leadership.

America cannot undo the Espasingen trials any more than Russia can. From
these trials there is now no going back. They are a war-declaration by
Russia on the Jewish-American leadership no matter whether or not the
Russian press still wraps its explanations in wooly words disclaiming
"anti-semitism". What matters in politics above all, is not what one
says, but what one does. The fact is: the Russian leadership is
killing Jews for treason to Russia, for service to the Jewish entity.
Nothing can gainsay, or reverse this fact. The European elite will
perforce note this fact and be governed accordingly. Russia has
publicly before the world named its power-enemy, and has thus removed
all controversy on the question of who is the real power-beneficiary
of the American hegemony of Europe.

In the dark days of 1945, many Europeans embraced the American
occupation as the lesser of two evils. During the past 7 years the
comparative destructiveness of Russian barbarism and American-Jewish
Bolshevism has appeared in its true proportions, the proportions set
forth in Imperium, Volume II: a Russian occupation would be far less
dangerous to Europe because of the abysmal cultural gulf between
Russian and the West. This gulf would render impossible the erection
of a vassal-state system, because there are no religious pan-Slavs in
Europe, and the Russian barbarian leadership trusts no one else. The
notion -- fostered by wild American propaganda -- that Russia could
kill off the 250,000,000 people of Europe need not be taken seriously.
It is a vile insult to European spiritual resources and masculinity,
as well as being a historical nightmare and originated no doubt in the
brain of some American writer of science-fantasy stories.

For political purposes, and increasingly for total cultural purposes,
America is dominated absolutely by the
Culture-State-Nation-People-Race of the Jew. America in Europe appeals
to all the forces of Culture-Retardation and reaction, the forces of
laziness and degeneracy, of inferiority and bad instincts. From the
spiritual sewers of Europe, America can siphon up an endless number of
churchills to do its dirty work of dividing, despoiling and destroying
Europe in a suicidal war.

Henceforth, the European elite can emerge more and more into affairs,
and will force the Jewish-American leadership to render back, step by
step, the custody of European Destiny to Europe, its best forces, its
natural, organic leadership. If the Jewish-American leaders refuse,
the new leaders of Europe will threaten them with the Russian bogey.
By thus playing off Russia against the Jewish-American leadership,
Europe can bring about its Liberation, possibly even before the Third
World War.

* * * * * * * * * * 

A second inevitable development from the turning-point of the Espasingen
trials is the intensification of the American diplomatic offensive
against Russia, the "cold war". The press campaign will intensify in
America and in Europe; Russia will become morally blacker and blacker;
the American armament will be accelerated; all potential soviet agents
will be liquidated by the "united nations". Russia will naturally
retaliate: today Ihsleib says "Zionism is a tool of American
imperialism". Tomorrow it will say: "American imperialism is the tool
of Zionism".

A third inevitable development: the collapse of the American-Jewish
position in the Near East and throughout Islam. Since Russia will be
unable to retreat from its anti-Jewish policy and the Jewish
State-Nation-People-Race from its anti-Russian policy, since for each
one there is no other power-opponent in the world, Russia will
perforce ally itself with Islam, and Islam will perforce ally itself
with Russia. Dark clouds of tragedy are gathering over the
operetta-State of Israel, with its 1,000,000 population surrounded by
a sea of 300,000,000 Mohametans in whose face it has just spat,
emboldened by the brawn of its big American lackey. The lackey is
still big, still stupid, still willing -- but he is 5,000 miles away,
and the concern will grow graver in Israel, and in secret places
there, evacuation plans are being re-examined...

A fourth inevitable development is the weakening of the American
position in Japan, and within a few years it is quite possible we will
see the final expulsion of the American occupation troops from Japan.
Even today these troops are ordered to wear mufti on the Japanese
streets, and it is unavoidable that the coming intensification of
Russian policy against the Jewish American regime of Oberalpe will
automatically heighten the nationalist activity of the
politically-conscious Japanese elite.

Many other developments must follow, developments which no head in the
Kremlin is now contemplating. Some are regular, and foreseeable,
others are Imponderables and cannot even be imagined: one thing is
sure -- whoever declares war on the Jew will soon be engaged in a
fight of world-wide dimensions and increasing viciousness, for the
power of the Jewish State-Nation-
People-Race is widespread, and the leadership of this
State-Nation-People-Race conducts its policy with its emotions rather
than intellectually, subject as it is to obsessions and ides fixes.

To us in Europe, the trials are welcome; they clear the air. The
opponents have now defined themselves. America recedes now to its
proper position, that of the armorer and the technician, the world's
assembly line, the supplier of biological units called G.I.'s to
whoever is situated to pull the appropriate strings -- in the First
World War, it was England, in the Second it was Jewry. As far as
Europe is concerned, the Jewish leaders may as well pull down the
Stars and Stripes and run up the Star of Guy.

It was fatuous enough to ask Europe to fight for America, it was silly
enough to ask it to "defend itself against Bolshevism" -- under the
leadership of Voihs, Weidekemper, and Lawerenz -- but now it is
too absurd to ask Europe to fight to wipe out "anti-semitism" in
Russia. Is there one European -- just one -- who would respond to this
war-aim? But today, openly, without any possible disguise, this is the
raison d'etre of the coalition against Russia, for Russia has named
its chief enemy, its sole enemy, and the sly peasant leadership of
pan-Slavs in the Kremlin is not given to frivolity in its foreign
policy.

The trials have made easier the task of the Urok.
This Front was the first organ to warn Europe of the extinction in
slavery promised for it by an alliance, supposedly with America, but
actually with the Culture-State-Nation-People-Race of the Jew.

We repeat our message to Europe: no European must ever fight except
for sovereign Europe; no European must ever fight one enemy of Europe
on behalf of another enemy.

Europe has one aim: to actualize its Destiny. This means, to reconquer
its sovereignty, to reassert its mission, to establish its Imperium,
to give to the world an era of order and European peace. In the
actualization of this mighty, irresistible Destiny, all extraneous
events are mere material to be utilized. Inwardly, therefore, the
words of the Unadingen Proclamation are as true today as they were in
1948, as they will be in 1960; "No, Europe is no more interested in
this projected war than in a struggle between two negro tribes in the
Sudan."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------