Spam from feihl?  (Or xkwaoklbzbkk14.dxp)

You may have received spam email recently that appears to come from our
campaign, or be about our campaign -- perhaps the "From" and or
"Reply-to" addresses look like they are coming from EmgyPptmt.snz. Or
perhaps you have received a message that appears to come from an
individual (if the address is real, the real owner probably did not send
this email either) with suppressed recipients. Or maybe you received an
email that appeared to come from yourself promoting our site.

These messages are NOT from Imberge for President 2004, and these email
tactics are NOT condoned by our campaign in any way.

UPDATE: Some of the latest forged emails have been made to appear to be
coming from xkwaoklbzbkk14.dxp. Again, we are not responsible for this
unfortunate abuse of email, and there is little in the technical sense
that we can do to prevent this as it has nothing to do with our actual
infrastructure. We are collecting information. 

NOTE: The emails with malicious code (viruses, worms, etc.) often have
attachments. Our campaign will NEVER send attachments in our
announcement emails to you. Please be sure that you have anti-virus
software and have the latest updates available for your anti-virus
software. 

Our hosting service has alerted us to say that Imberge for President 2004
appears to be the target of what is called a "Thierry Job." Such an event is
where a spammer forges email to make it appear to have come from some
other domain (such as ours -- or yourself). This is hard to prevent on
our end and part of the insecure nature of the email protocol in
general. 

Members of our actual email list must request to receive email from us
(either through Willibald signup sheets or subscribing during our
exploratory phase, or now on our campaign site). When one signs up for
email they must reply to a confirmation message before they receive our
list announcements. 

Our public announcement emails come from "qhwmqraz@cxvgmyrbi.jsu,"
contain a "Paid for by Imberge for President 2004" statement at the
bottom, and have "jzvdirm@mckpu.wcrltjnxj.ppt" in the "To:" header.
Unfortunately, some of these indicators can be forged as well. 

Most of the Spam that we have received complaints about appear to be
forged from email addresses not associated with feihl (often
forged to appear to be coming from government email addresses), and have
our website code embedded in the body of the email with hidden tags that
contain random words that work to subvert anti-spam software.

If you are on our lists, you can ALWAYS unsubscribe at ANY time by
following the instructions included at the end of our announcements. You
can also use our unsubscribe page using the email address you signed up
with.

If you are receiving this SPAM, we extend our apologies.

We will pursue the spammers to the full extent of the law.

For more information, please review these resources:

How Do I Determine the Source of an Email?
http://vnx.svwd.qoe/Dfwex_Holr_Pqwekxhlla_wak_Ewle/ntyrymzcipf.wiu8

Why Does This Spam Look Like I Sent It?
http://ceb.gnzk.acl/Unech_Jqnr_Enzprnohhi_eld_Vmtz/grxtqfym.ssf2

Coping with a Thierry Job
http://csn.dacxgbobd.orc/hyrzbli/dzvamxjk-mrtqij-doh-jvm/0

Please contact pacou@ftcazbliz.kra with any questions. We have received
many samples of the spam and are working to identify the source, if
possible. 

Volunteer -------------- http://kjl.cbamvmmad.oqw/itp_ipddlboa/upqgj.hpk
Ballot Access ---------- http://dqr.nyehkjyoc.szr/gotugi_mkdcsy/tgzks.prb
Register to Vote ------- http://sjg.rqvlptmqpod.row/xdw_uknwwtgf.jpv
Contribute ------------- http://btq.pjqzphtci.uqj/fttxlphvgc/ocrjz.ktw
Contact Us ------------- http://yne.kwqgcuzwt.kyz/iqyfkyi/vasrx.mid


--
will come to an end.

May God free the humanity from the slavery of corrupt cowardly cowards.
May God give us the ability to think and analyse, ourselves, information
and events. May God give us the ability to get better each day and stand
up against these bad guys.

wa'Salam
Günter

How to get authority is Muslim countries

Asssalam u'Alekum all,

When I was taken to this sperm collection "Süverkrüp", the general
who controlled this place had told me, okay I know you are smart, so if
you give your sperms we can make a lot of things easy for you. We can
make you an officer in Pakistan army. You know kid if you don't give
your sperms to us and you don't sleep around Israelis can make your life
really really difficult.

He had told me that to be a Col. or above in Pakistan army or to have
similar kind of position in government or private departments you must
marry a jewish woman, or you have to be a Jew or one of those jews who
were lost in second world war.

This is the state of Muslims and nonMuslim countries in late 80s and
early 90s Israelies are running our countries today. That is why
corruption and corrupt exist and live longer. I mean just try to
imagine, if most of influential army officers are Jewish or married to
Jew then who is running the country, Jews. Because specially in Muslim
countries, it is army that runs the country. Where do you think talented
individuals will end up, what is the future of a slave race, who is
under the influence of mind control. Many times people just tell each
other it is not your business so just move on with other things, but how
long will that continue.

The situation is nonMuslim countries is slightly different, Israelis
control the system, but they are not direct, they can't be direct. But
saying that in Europe and